Update README.md (#3)
bcgov/react-shared-components: README.md

Shared reusable react BCGov themed components.

## Release packaging

> Run the following commands locally after a new component has been added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands locally when ready to release:
```

> `bash yarn install`

Reviewer: this will show up as `bash yarn install` which we dont want
should be:
```bash
yarn install
```
same below

Reviewer: so use
```suggestion
```bash
yarn install
```
```

`bash npm pack`

> Running the pack command will create a *shared-components-X.X.X.tgz* file in the root level of the projectthat contains the components ready for consumption by any project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the pack command will create a *shared-components-X.X.X.tgz* file in the root level of the project that contains the components ready for consumption by any project.
```

> In order for projects to consume a new version, create a new release on this repository with the updated semantic version. Once the release is created, edit the release and upload the generated *shared-components-X.X.X.tgz* file to the release. Once this is complete, update your projects package.json to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for projects to consume a new version, create a new release on this repository with the updated semantic version. Once the release is created, edit the release and upload the generated *shared-components-X.X.X.tgz* file to the release. Once this is complete, update your project's package.json file to the following:
```

Shared reusable react BCGov themed components.

## Release packaging

Run the following commands locally when ready to release:

```bash
yarn install
```

```

> bash npm pack

Reviewer: no bash here

Reviewer: bash should be beside the ```

Reviewer: looked like it was correct before :)

Author: whoopsie
